I have now tried to get boswar installed and running on two different computers.

each time I can get as far as a login screen and no further

There is no document that describes the steps needed to get the system working??

What users and databases must exist at at what point in the database?

What scripts are run in what order?

What are the default users and their passwords at the level of database and in the application?

I have tried hacking my way through, changing passwords by sql and still nothing will work.

I cannot get beyond a login or registration screen to do anything useful.

We will have to address this before we put 10 beta testers stuck in front of a login screen, why not do it now?

I can't do this beacause I can't get it to work.

Thanks in advance.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Tushka's quick start guide

Create a database by the name of boswar_db (or just import one of Myata's sql files... his are the
ones that begin with 
CREATE DATABASE  IF NOT EXISTS `boswar_db` /*!40100 DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 */;
An example is user_roles.sql

(I don't put that in my .sql files because I import most of my files into the example campaign
db's as well as into boswar.db)

Then import *every* file that is in the Global SQL directory into boswar_db.  Order doesn't matter.

We do not have a precise definition for the user that uses boswar_db.  Each of us is using a different
user with a different definition.  It doesn't matter much at this stage as long as it has sufficient
privileges.  I call mine boswar, and it needs at a minimum global FILE and CREATE USER and GRANT 
privileges.  Boswar has a few others that I added when trying to get the database create function
working, but I don't know if any of those are actually needed.

Back to the thread.  Once you have imported every GLOBAL SQL file into boswar_db you should have a
proper working basic database. 

Now put all the Website files into a directory where your webserver can see them (as you have already
done) and click on RofWar.  (BoSWar is reserved for future developments :) ).

Click on the login button on the menu bar and log in as "admin" with a password of "manager".

On the right you will see three buttons, one of which is "Create New DB".  Click it.

We are doing this because at the moment this function forces you to create a new user.  It won't
in the future, but it should still have a create a new user function if you don't already have a
proper one.

Fill in the blanks for the campaign... it doesn't matter what names you choose, but you need to enter
the host correctly.  I use 'localhost' but MYATA uses an IP and port here.  Use whatever you have
configured MySQL to recognize.  'localhost' usually works.

Now for the user enter the DB user "rofwar" and the password "rofwar" for the Campaign User.

Select any map and press "Create Campaign" at the bottom.

Now you will have a user that will work with not only your new campaign, but also with all the
example campaigns.  The only privilege this user doesn't have at the moment but needs is global FILE
privilege.  That will certainly change sooner rather than later.  For now if you need to write any
files you'll have to add that from within MySQL.

Be careful not to remove this user unless you are ready to recreate it.  The "!Drop DEB!" function
currently will not only remove the campaign you select, but the user associated with it.  That will 
have to change in the future.

Now you are ready to create (in MySQL, not in RoFWar) the example databases.  I will export my
current copies of their tables so you can import them as one batch per example database and I'll
add a CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS line at the top of each.

Then you will be able to run reports and see the start I've gotten on collecting scoring data 
(by looking at the tables in the campaign db after "DO"ing some scoring... not yet visible as
a RoFWar function.)

Let me get those example DB's ready for you.

Tushka
Oct 8, 2013



